README.md, before:

# 📧 SighCraft - Email Signature Generator

Create professional email signatures in seconds. No login required, completely free, with real-time preview.

![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-15-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-Strict-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript)
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/TailwindCSS-3.0-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css)

## ✨ Features

- 🚀 **Real-time Preview** - See changes instantly as you type
- 🔒 **100% Client-side** - No server required, your data stays private
- 💾 **Local Storage** - Save signatures locally for later use
- 📱 **Mobile Responsive** - Works on all devices
- 🎨 **5+ Professional Templates** - Beautiful, email-client compatible designs
- 📋 **Easy Export** - Copy HTML or download as file

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Next.js 15** with App Router
- **TypeScript** for type safety
- **TailwindCSS** for styling
- **Zustand** for state management
- **shadcn/ui** components

## 🚀 Quick Start

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev
```

Visit `http://localhost:3000` to start creating signatures.

## 🎨 Signature Templates

This version includes 5 visually distinct, production-ready templates:

1. **Modern Accent Bar** - Colored accent bars for visual separation
2. **Minimalist Centered Layout** - Clean centered design
3. **Dual Tone Split Background** - Contrasting color sections
4. **Icon-Focused Contact Strip** - Icon-based contact information
5. **Bold Color Header Style** - Vibrant gradient header

All templates are optimized for Gmail and other email clients.

## 📤 Export Options

- **Copy Rendered Signature** - Direct copy for Gmail
- **Copy HTML Code** - Raw HTML for other email clients
- **Copy JSON** - Data format for backup
- **Download HTML** - Save as HTML file

## 🛡️ Security

- All HTML is sanitized with DOMPurify
- Only HTTPS image URLs allowed
- No data leaves your browser

## 🚀 Deployment

Deploy easily to Vercel, Netlify, or any static hosting service.

```bash
# Build for production
npm run build
```

---

**Built with ❤️ for professionals who need beautiful email signatures**

Commit message:

Add credit for developer Shan

README.md, after:

# 📧 SighCraft - Email Signature Generator

Create professional email signatures in seconds. No login required, completely free, with real-time preview.

![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-15-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-Strict-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript)
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/TailwindCSS-3.0-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css)

## ✨ Features

- 🚀 **Real-time Preview** - See changes instantly as you type
- 🔒 **100% Client-side** - No server required, your data stays private
- 💾 **Local Storage** - Save signatures locally for later use
- 📱 **Mobile Responsive** - Works on all devices
- 🎨 **5+ Professional Templates** - Beautiful, email-client compatible designs
- 📋 **Easy Export** - Copy HTML or download as file

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Next.js 15** with App Router
- **TypeScript** for type safety
- **TailwindCSS** for styling
- **Zustand** for state management
- **shadcn/ui** components

## 🚀 Quick Start

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev
```

Visit `http://localhost:3000` to start creating signatures.

## 🎨 Signature Templates

This version includes 5 visually distinct, production-ready templates:

1. **Modern Accent Bar** - Colored accent bars for visual separation
2. **Minimalist Centered Layout** - Clean centered design
3. **Dual Tone Split Background** - Contrasting color sections
4. **Icon-Focused Contact Strip** - Icon-based contact information
5. **Bold Color Header Style** - Vibrant gradient header

All templates are optimized for Gmail and other email clients.

## 📤 Export Options

- **Copy Rendered Signature** - Direct copy for Gmail
- **Copy HTML Code** - Raw HTML for other email clients
- **Copy JSON** - Data format for backup
- **Download HTML** - Save as HTML file

## 🛡️ Security

- All HTML is sanitized with DOMPurify
- Only HTTPS image URLs allowed
- No data leaves your browser

## 👨‍💻 Developer

This application was created by **Shan**, a talented full-stack developer specializing in modern web technologies.

## 🚀 Deployment

Deploy easily to Vercel, Netlify, or any static hosting service.

```bash
# Build for production
npm run build
```

---

**Built with ❤️ by Shan for professionals who need beautiful email signatures**
